Create CCC-TAC-Minutes-2023-08-10.md (#180)
confidential-computing/governance: TAC/Meetings/2023/2023-08-10/CCC-TAC-Minutes-2023-08-10.md

# Confidential Computing Consortium

## Minutes of the Technical Advisory Council

*The TAC meets for two hours on alternating Thursdays. All members of the community are welcome to attend and participate.*

### Meeting details

> **Date**: Thursday, July 13, 2023

Author: ```suggestion
**Date**: Thursday, August 10, 2023
```

* DM reviewed the prior meeting minutes
* Quorum was reached and the minutes were approved by the voting members of the TAC

**GRC SIG Update**

* Mark Novak (MN) presented the SIG update
* MN reviewed the GRC goals
* Joint CCC/[CSA](https://cloudsecurityalliance.org/research/working-groups/confidential-computing/) working group, updates to the CSA Cloud Control Matrix (CSM) v4
* Ryan Gifford discussed the work on the CCM in the CSA, [Attestation Governance Patterns](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QV0baEDrbd4HK4dgHuk10BRs8552L2HePVpxYWSqLXw/edit#heading=h.pu882iozwrwx), RATS & Governance
* Discussion ensued
* Need help getting involved with NIST, if anyone has contacts it would be helpful

**Rust SPDM**

* Jiewen Yao presented an introduction to SPDM and proposal for new project
* [Security Protocol and Data Model (SPDM)](https://www.dmtf.org/standards/spdm)
* Component Measurement and Authentication (CMA)
* [Rust-SPDM project](https://github.com/intel/rust-spdm) - Rust implementation of the SPDM protocol

> * There were questions about the project being a good fit in the CCC, discussion ensued

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There were questions about whether the project is a good fit in the CCC, since the project is not specific to confidential computing.  Discussion ensued
```
